# Problems with developing a discord bot

Working with a public api has its own limitations discord for example only alows a maximum of 200 commands per bot. This can realy limit the amount of functionality of a discord bot. There was also the idea of removing prefix commands.

Discord is also accused of large amounts of hipocracy is discord. Dankmemer the second largest discord bot "pushed slash commands" and supported discord with most of it's new ideas. Discord is also advitised as being a place for people over (14 or so) but when uunderaged users strting flooding the platform discord decided to defend them and make discord more "inclusive" this menat that discord will not defend the rules that they made us agree to.

Discord is also willing to destroy all discord bots (a ref to slash commands) when there is not even a single lib that supported slash commands, this left most discord bots in the dust. For people who need to migrate an entire code base this is just painfull, and I had to suffer from this. Only 6 months after discord.py shutdown from this discord was forced to maintain backwards compatibility. But for discord this is not a problem because developing a discord bot is "easy and dope". This clearly shows that the discord could not care less about the discord bot comunity, hence why do manny developers have completely migrated their bot to a different platform entirely. Because discord is still growing the injusticies that they place on us devs at the start shows how little regard they may or will have when they become as big as facebook or snapchat.

One of the problems migrating from discord to other platforms it that discord does have official platforms for bots but other platforms such as twitter don't. There is also the dificulty of finding a sutiable platform, gmail bots are one of the silliest ideas and I am not aware of other platforms that meet the requirements, finaly the platform would also need an api writtem in some programing lanuguage, python or js would be preferable though.
