# The edits that 0x32 has made.

### Quick intro

This file is going to be a change log of the commits that I have done. This should make the reasons for the commit mor easy to understand.

---

## [06c69a5] refactored code for pycharm

Pycharm is an editor that is very powerful, however I use vscode or vim or emacs every once in a while, because pycharm is going to be an editor that my piers would use, I have refactored the code so that it would give as little warnings as possible.

## [73845b7] Change file names.

changed the names of imported files from CamelCase to snake_case, this also help to keep pycharm warnings and suggestions at a minimum.

#### Next:

Add a tone of documentation and `TODO`s to the files. This would help to explain the code better, and what would be needed to be done.

## [df3c0ec] Add TODOs and docs

I have added documentation for the important parts and most of the files in the `cogs` folder.

### Next:

Organize all the files beginning with an underscore ( this guy `_` ) into folders in the cogs dir.

## [3765ecd] sort most of the `_` files

I have sorted the files prefixed with a `_` into their own folders being:

- custom_commands
- ui

#### Next:

get some todos ticked off or add some in.

## [cde9335] Add more features

I have added a stackoverflow command so you can search for stackoverflow stuff.
Fixed the most frustrating problem where slash commands would not load in properly.
Regular commands work with the `-` prefix, those will be added later.

## Next:

- users can play blackjack or one armed bandit, basically the gamboling system but they won't have anything to lose.

## [920d3ef] General housekeeping

I have remove the last lua file and custom commands, I am hoping to use a more elegant implementation of custom commands. I have also started adding a bridge between javascript, php, perl and my bot to offer a massive ecosystem for custom commands and my bot.

## [5ed078] Started JS integration

I want my bot to be able to run js, php and perl as commands. I am hoping that the use of all these languages will add more flexibility to my bot, and could also encourage custom commands.

### Next:

- continue with integration
- add the other languages

## [XXXXXX] Added docs and implmentations

I have added classes to the classes module, this is so that there is a js intergration instead of just pure python, this will work by sending a string (with json data) about the interaction and guild, this will eliminate bugs and possible problems.

### Next:

- finish the javascipt intergration.

## [7791878+XXXXXX] Made logging system

I have decided to put the javascript project on hold for now, I turned to cleaning up the main.py file a bit and one of the ways I could do that is by creating a group of functions that debug messages, but that would be messy and lead to stuff like:

```py
def print_login(cons: rich.Console, name: str) -> None:
    cons.print(f"[green]Logged in as: [/green][bright_yellow][underline]{name}[/underline][/bright_yellow]")
```

Therefore instead I made a json file that contains the target string and the args, this then is to remove messiness, because now to add another debug message you just need to add the message to the debug.json fie.

### Notice

The second commit was a buf fix for the feature.
